feat(store-sync): bool array column types for decoded indexer (#2283)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/lemon-numbers-design.md

---
"@latticexyz/store-sync": patch
---

> Added boolean array column types for the Postgres decoded indexer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moved boolean array types to use array column types (instead of JSON columns) for the Postgres decoded indexer
```
nit: just to match the changeset I added in https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/pull/2282
